## 6.2.7 19/11/2024
- Add `get-only` keyword to support adding a query parameter to GET but not to MULTIGET.


## 6.2.6 3/25/2024
- The definition of version in Reslang support semver format goes something like (Major.Minor.Patch-<pre-release>).


## 6.2.5 2/23/2023
- Add `required` attribute to httpHeader. Support optional HTTP request headers.

## 6.2.4 12/30/2021

- Include flag `--oneof-polymorphism` to translate `union` reslang definitions into swagger `oneOf` field instead of `allOf`

## 6.2.3 11/23/2021

- Include the descriptions from `/events` syntax in the generated description for operations in asyncapi spec.
- Fix error when running `--events --open` flags: `The programmatic API was removed in npm v8.0.0`

## 6.2.2 11/15/2021

- Fix `SyntaxError: Error resolving $ref pointer` when generating swagger/asyncapi using resourcelike attributes.

## 6.2.1 11/05/2021

- Add `nullable`: Added support to generate nullable attributes in schemas for swagger specs.
- Fix event namespaces: `AdHoc` channels for events did not respect namespaces when generating topic names.
- Add `default` modifier to enum attributes. Enum and primitves properties now can set a default value.
- Fix verb enum: events that included a rest resource generated an invalid json schema. (specifically included empty enum array)
- Fix env flag: it was being ignored and overriden with PROD in most places.
- Add `Summary:` syntax for summaries in swagger generated specs for operations   
- Reword generated swagger descriptions for paginated APIs

## 4.0.0 12/10/2020

Revert generated topic name format for compatibility with topic names generated by earlier versions of Reslang.

## 3.0.0 11/19/2020

Use cursor pagination by default. Offset+limit pagination is still supported by use of a deprecated keyword, to be sunsetted in the future.

## 2.3.0 11/10/2020

Support HTTP request headers.

## 2.2.6 10/08/2020

Fix bug so that imported subresources are able to be referenced.

## 2.2.5 9/16/2020

Now installable as a cmd line tool. Please follow the installation instructions, or run ./install-reslang to create links

## 2.0.0 8/23/2020

Fixed up inlining of attributes in unions, aligned now with treatment of structures.

## 1.3.0 3/26/2020

Added "value-of" for embedding a full representation of a resource in another structure, as opposed to "link"

## v1.2.0 3/24/2020

Added event / AsyncAPI specifications and made "operation Ids" a lot more readable.

## v1.1.0 3/18/2020

Bug fix for resource-level action paths not including parentIds

## v1.0.0 3/17/2020

First official release. The following defects have been addressed:

-   allows arbitrary nesting of subresources and actions
-   configurable rule checker to restrict nesting (currently set at 2 for resources, 3 for actions)
-   added "resource" type to avoid advanced use of configuration- and asset- resources
-   fixed action URLs to include /actions as per RFC API-3
-   corrected POST action response code to 200 as per RFC API-3
-   automatically adds 404 not found to GET / PUT / PATCH / DELETE
-   added resource-level actions using keyword "resource-level" before action e.g. /v1/fields/actions/delete-all applies to all fields
-   added min-length:x and max-length:x keywords to string types
-   removed refs from YAML output
-   fixed snake-case URLs and camelCase parameters
-   added "representation" parameters for adjusting representation returned on queries
-   added "long" type
-   better optionality via "optional-get" etc pararmeters
-   full PATCH support
-   array multiplicities [min..max]
-   parent ids now use correct resource names
-   regeneration of test data now 20x faster
-   embeds Reslang version in YAML output

Next focus will be event + AsyncAPI generation.
